You set foot in a dark green waste of swampland, divided by patches of twisting mangrove trees that reach over a 100 feet tall. Between them stand long, grey apparitions, preceding a tangible fog. The waters are murky and wash ashore mud and muck, yet some tributaries seem to allow for travel between the mangroves. Corpses reach from the grounds as if they were swallowed by the ground and inhuman bodies are strung from the twisting vines up high. Your gaze drawn skyward, you see tears and lesions opening the green pewter sky. What light illuminates this infinite bog comes from these heavenly openings. What seperates you from this light, are the numerous collosal vines drifting through the air. They seem weightless, but often lead back to the openings underfoot. Every so often, a flying creature is chased and restrained, pulled into the swamp's depths. Not all flying creatures are subject to these attacks, as you also see winged, serpentine shapes soar around them far away._ _The farthest your sight can reach, is to various high, stone towers on the horizon. These are set upon large, blunt rocks much like lighthouses on a shore._ _Last but not least you hear the coursing of fluid. As a matter of fact, that is all you can hear. That is to say, the blood coursing through your veins. Besides that, you hear nothing. Not the amphibious horrors in the waters, not the screams of prey in the canopies nor the gurgles of creatures suffocating in mud. This is the Silent Swamp, where no one can hear your lament.